EXPLANATION FOR CAR PROBLEM

Question 1.
The Minnesotan drivers ensure that there are no accidents, however they are inefficent because
if two cars approach the intersection both wanting to turn right, thry should go at the same time,
but in Minnesota they will wait for the other to finish, taking twich as much time.

Question 2.
In the most basic example, if four cars approach and they all want to turn left, they will each
enter a quadrant and will not be able to progress. To prevent this, we could provide a total
ordering to the order in which locks are grabbed, so  that every car has to grab the northwest
quadrant first, then northeast, etc. This ensures that no two cars can acquire the locks that
another will require.


My implementation takes no arguments.
It works by having an ordering in which the quadrants are acquired: northwest, northeast, southwest, southeast.
This order ensures that no car can get sections that a car needs but hasn't acquired yet.
When a car fails to get a section, it lets go of all the sections that it had.

This implementation uses semaphores.

Below is the output from a sample run, which was terminated early because it goes forever.

Car 0 is approaching from direction 3 going to direction 2.
Car 0 is cleared to go through the southeast quadrant.
Car 0 no longer needs the southeast quadrant.
Car 0 made it through the intersection!
Car 3 is approaching from direction 2 going to direction 0.
Car 3 is cleared to go through the northeast quadrant.
Car 3 no longer needs the northeast quadrant.
Car 3 made it through the intersection!
Car 1 is approaching from direction 1 going to direction 3.
Car 1 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 1 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 1 made it through the intersection!
Car 7 is approaching from direction 0 going to direction 2.
Car 7 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 7 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 7 is cleared to go through the southeast quadrant.
Car 7 no longer needs the southeast quadrant.
Car 7 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 7 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 7 made it through the intersection!
Car 5 is approaching from direction 3 going to direction 2.
Car 5 is cleared to go through the southeast quadrant.
Car 5 no longer needs the southeast quadrant.
Car 5 made it through the intersection!
Car 11 is approaching from direction 2 going to direction 3.
Car 11 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 11 is cleared to go through the northeast quadrant.
Car 11 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 11 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 11 no longer needs the northeast quadrant.
Car 11 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 11 made it through the intersection!
Car 2 is approaching from direction 1 going to direction 3.
Car 2 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 2 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 2 made it through the intersection!
Car 8 is approaching from direction 0 going to direction 3.
Car 8 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 8 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 8 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 8 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 8 made it through the intersection!
Car 6 is approaching from direction 3 going to direction 2.
Car 6 is cleared to go through the southeast quadrant.
Car 6 no longer needs the southeast quadrant.
Car 6 made it through the intersection!
Car 13 is approaching from direction 2 going to direction 1.
Car 13 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 13 is cleared to go through the northeast quadrant.
Car 13 no longer needs the northeast quadrant.
Car 13 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 13 made it through the intersection!
Car 4 is approaching from direction 1 going to direction 2.
Car 4 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 4 is cleared to go through the southeast quadrant.
Car 4 no longer needs the southeast quadrant.
Car 4 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 4 made it through the intersection!
Car 9 is approaching from direction 0 going to direction 3.
Car 9 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 9 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 9 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 9 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 9 made it through the intersection!
Car 12 is approaching from direction 3 going to direction 1.
Car 12 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 12 is cleared to go through the northeast quadrant.
Car 12 is cleared to go through the southeast quadrant.
Car 12 no longer needs the southeast quadrant.
Car 12 no longer needs the northeast quadrant.
Car 12 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 12 made it through the intersection!
Car 16 is approaching from direction 2 going to direction 1.
Car 16 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 16 is cleared to go through the northeast quadrant.
Car 16 no longer needs the northeast quadrant.
Car 16 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 16 made it through the intersection!
Car 10 is approaching from direction 1 going to direction 2.
Car 10 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 10 is cleared to go through the southeast quadrant.
Car 10 no longer needs the southeast quadrant.
Car 10 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 10 made it through the intersection!
Car 15 is approaching from direction 0 going to direction 3.
Car 15 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 15 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 15 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 15 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 15 made it through the intersection!
Car 14 is approaching from direction 3 going to direction 1.
Car 14 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 14 is cleared to go through the northeast quadrant.
Car 14 is cleared to go through the southeast quadrant.
Car 14 no longer needs the southeast quadrant.
Car 14 no longer needs the northeast quadrant.
Car 14 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 14 made it through the intersection!
Car 19 is approaching from direction 2 going to direction 0.
Car 19 is cleared to go through the northeast quadrant.
Car 19 no longer needs the northeast quadrant.
Car 19 made it through the intersection!
Car 17 is approaching from direction 1 going to direction 3.
Car 17 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 17 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 17 made it through the intersection!
Car 18 is approaching from direction 0 going to direction 1.
Car 18 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 18 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 18 made it through the intersection!
Car 0 is approaching from direction 3 going to direction 2.
Car 0 is cleared to go through the southeast quadrant.
Car 0 no longer needs the southeast quadrant.
Car 0 made it through the intersection!
Car 5 is approaching from direction 2 going to direction 0.
Car 5 is cleared to go through the northeast quadrant.
Car 5 no longer needs the northeast quadrant.
Car 5 made it through the intersection!
Car 3 is approaching from direction 1 going to direction 2.
Car 3 is cleared to go through the southwest quadrant.
Car 3 is cleared to go through the southeast quadrant.
Car 3 no longer needs the southeast quadrant.
Car 3 no longer needs the southwest quadrant.
Car 3 made it through the intersection!
Car 7 is approaching from direction 0 going to direction 1.
Car 7 is cleared to go through the northwest quadrant.
Car 7 no longer needs the northwest quadrant.
Car 7 made it through the intersection!
^C

